Graph view using Zest (#117)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/user/src/usage/graph-editor.md

> # Graph Editor

Reviewer: Not complete documentation of all functionality, but I'll only check this in the upcoming review of #124, once.

> The graph editor allows visualizing and annotation graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the graph editor, you can visualize and annotate annotation graphs.
```

> It is a general visualization that aims to display all possible types of annotation as a graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a general visualization that aims to display all possible types of annotation, in a graph of annotatable elements of a document.
```

Try and bring in some more precise Salt-iness without making things too complicated.

![Screenshot of the graph editor](graph-viewer.png)

> On the right side of the interface, you can select which span to show.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right side of the interface, you can select which segment of the document to show.
```

Use the terms that are used in the UI.

> Select more than one span by holding the <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> key while clicking on the segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select more than one segment to display as a graph, by holding the <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> key while clicking on the segment.
You can easily select a *range* of segments to display by holding the <kbd>Shift</kbd> while clicking on the last segment you want to be in the range.

You can also include span nodes in the displayed graph by checking the respective checkbox: **Include spans**.
To display pointing relations in the graph, check **Include pointing relations**.

You can filter the segments that contain node annotations with a certain name only, by entering the annotation name in the text field. To display all node annotations again, simply delete the filter text in the text field.
```

Complete documentation.
